# systemAnalysisDesign
System Analysis and Design CS255


  The DriverPass system design document was created for DriverPass. DriverPass wishes to decrease the number of new drivers who fail their initial driver examination. The DriverPass system is designed to provide inexperienced drivers with the resources necessary to pass the driving examination. I enjoyed designing the activity and sequence diagrams that are integrated into the system design document. The activity of the sign-in process does an excellent job of depicting the process of logging in and the security features that protect user accounts. If I had to pick something to improve, I would re-design the Use Case diagram to include an additional role for website administrators. Adding an administrative role and administrative use cases would help the diagram depict all the roles in the DriverPass system more accurately. 

  To interpret users' needs I would include a section of the website for users to submit comments, issues, and improvement suggestions. I would also use a ticketing system such as Jira to keep track of the status of bugs and feature requests. While a system analyst does their best to include all the functionality a user needs in a new system, there may be suggestions or issues that users encounter while using the system. It is imperative that users can submit this feedback so the development team can consider making improvements and fixes that benefit the user's experience. Having a plan is the best approach to designing software. Software project can grow quickly. Without a well-organized design, a software project can grow to an unmanageable level quickly. Planning for a new system by studying the old system if applicable and creating design documents and diagrams can help ensure that coders are not wasting any time trying to both design and code the system simultaneously. Interviewing employees and joint application design sessions are great methods to gather information and analyze a system. 
